In the following we assume we are targetting success. 

A. procedure call

We compile inwards. So when compiling f(x) we have a current view
of the required output type. So first step is to look at f's codomain.
We want to constrain f's type to have codomain lower than the current 
required. If this is less than the current for the context then that
constrains the context which can have other effects. If the context gets
even lower then repeat. Eventually the context settles down.

At this point we have constrained the type of f, since constraining
the codomain will constrain the domain. Now we try to constrain the input
expression's (i.e. x's) type to be below f's current domain. I.e. we
look for a ConvertsTo% whose input is above x's type and whose output is
below f's domain. This further constrains f and x which might further 
constrain the context. We keep on till things settle down.

B. identifiers

The identifier will often be constrained by the context. This constrain 
is a type. If the constraint is higher than the existing constraint for
that identifier then the identifier-expression tells this to the context
which can do an unknown amount of calculating before getting back to that
identifier expression with a new context. If the expression's context
is at some stage less than the constraint for the identifier then that
constrains every expression with the identifier, setting off a different
cascade of constraint. Eventually the identifier and the context agree.

C. Closure

There are two execution events for a closure. The first is building it from
the context. The second is when it is called. Building it from context is
a procedure from the identifiers in it to a procedure value of some sort.
So that initial procedure can constrain the values of the identifiers 
because of the type of the closure as required by the context. However
closure's often come before a ";" and are not constrained at all. Maybe
they are set equal to an identifier that is constrained elsewhere.

D. Structure type

Similar to closure. Creation of the type is unlikely to constrain the external
identfiers in it.

E. Foreach

This creates families of constraints...

F. Semicolon

The result to the left is discarded (ignoring actions at the moment), so it
has a type context of Any and no incentive to reduce it.

G. Equal

When expressions are equal, they all share a node. Constraints on any
will cascade to the others.



